Remove references to cronjob archived module (#2051)
PrestaShop/docs: development/architecture/domain/references/currency/_partials/toggle-exchange-rate-automatization-command.md

`PrestaShop\PrestaShop\Core\Domain\Currency\Command\ToggleExchangeRateAutomatizationCommand`

{{% notice warning %}}

> **Deprecated:** This command previously integrated with the CronJobs module, which has been archived as of December 2025. To automatically update currency exchange rates, you should configure a standard cron job instead. See the [Pricing FAQ]({{< relref "/faq/pricing" >}}) for details on setting up currency rate updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deprecated:** This command is tied to the CronJobs module, which is being phased out and will no longer be available after December 2025. To automatically update currency exchange rates, configure a standard cron job instead. See the [Pricing FAQ]({{< relref "/faq/pricing" >}}) for details on setting up currency rate updates.
```

Reviewer: this is more precise 👌🏻 

if that's ok for you, please apply the change and you can merge the PR :)
